README.md, before:

# Accountant

### About Me 
Hello! I am a current student and accounting para-professional with over 2 years of proven expertise in financial accounting and financial analysis.  
 
With organization, preparation, Excel tools, and mathematics skills, I can create organized Excel sheets and financial statements to achieve proper organization and better communicate financial information. I am adept at using Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft Access.  

My diverse skill set, commitment to accuracy, and passion for organization make me a valuable asset.  In my spare time, I like to read and drive.  
 
You can find me on [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/umar-nawaz-0aa253327)

### Education 
BSc in Accounting and Marketing
Loyola University, MD

### Projects

#### Inventory Management and Loan Calculation
 - ![]()
 - Report

***
#### Python Personality Quiz
 - ![Results of the Personality Code](/Images/CodingProject/Ran_code.png)
 - ![Framework of the Personality Code](/Images/CodingProject/CODEFrame.png)
 - write up

***
#### Student Transcripts in Microsoft Access
 - ![]()
 - write up

Commit message:

Added all the Project Pics

README.md, after:

# Accountant

### About Me 
Hello! I am a current student and accounting para-professional with over 2 years of proven expertise in financial accounting and financial analysis.  
 
With organization, preparation, Excel tools, and mathematics skills, I can create organized Excel sheets and financial statements to achieve proper organization and better communicate financial information. I am adept at using Excel, Microsoft Word, and Microsoft Access.  

My diverse skill set, commitment to accuracy, and passion for organization make me a valuable asset.  In my spare time, I like to read and drive.  
 
You can find me on [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/umar-nawaz-0aa253327)

### Education 
BSc in Accounting and Marketing
Loyola University, MD

### Projects

#### Inventory Management and Loan Calculation
 - ![Managment system for store items](/Images/ExcelProject/InventoryManagment.png)
 - ![System made to compare different loan types](/Images/ExcelProject/InventoryLoan.png)
 - This project 

***
#### Python Personality Quiz
 - ![Results of the Personality Code](/Images/CodingProject/Ran_code.png)
 - ![Framework of the Personality Code](/Images/CodingProject/CODEFrame.png)
 - write up

***
#### Student Transcripts in Microsoft Access
 - ![Grade Table with semesters, class codes, and names](/Images/AccessProject/GradeTable.png)
 - ![Query used to create transcripts](/Images/AccessProject/Querys.png)
 - ![First page of transcripts](/Images/AccessProject/Transcript.png)
 - write up
